---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Our manifesto
datePublished: '2016-02-04T16:25:26.657Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-04T16:25:11.733Z'
title: About Us
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-04-about-us.md
published: true
url: about-us/index.html
_type: Article

---
We're glad you're here.

Truly, you can only be one place at one time, and you picked us.  
That's special, it really is.

**heart.racing is more than an agency, it's a promise.** We're curators of human passion, human potential, and the undeniable power of We. Because this is a small planet, and what we believe in matters. Together, we're unstoppable. **heart.racing** is based on the sharing economy. Any good thing, we share. Anything annoying or antiquated, we avoid, just like you do.

Because we're smart. And so are you. We believe simplicity, authenticity and friendship are achievable goals. This where it starts, and where it stays. Our business model is based on relationship, so we always consider what's best for the people involved. 

If it's not good for people, **we won't do it**, no matter how much we're getting paid. 

Consider for a moment what makes your heart race. Don't think, just feel. It could be anything. But for you, right now, there's nothing more important on the planet. Nothing you'd rather fall asleep thinking about, or wake up and do. This is your center. This is true for all of us. **heart.racing** is devoted to your center, the passion and the purpose that most inspires you. 

Because we love simplicity, and place a high value on the serenity of negative space, let's shift gears for a moment, and talk about **who we're not**.

We're not a traditional agency. Not even close. If you work for one, you should leave. If you employ one, you should know you're wasting nine out of every ten dollars you spend.

Here's why that's true.

Agencies get paid to say yes to the people who are paying them. This is fundamentally wrong. At **heart.racing**, we do whatever will inspire people to be better people. If you're doing things the right way, we'll inspire people to love your brand. Not because you're paying them to like you. Or because you're paying us. Because you're doing something right.

A novel concept? Perhaps. But we're banking on it. Because we like to fall asleep at night knowing we're doing what's best for the people around us, what's right for the world.

Agencies also get paid to spend your money. Because they don't understand what motivates people, they're spending it wrong. heart.racing is opposed to this approach. As a matter of fact, we've proven you can spend less and still garner the world's attention.

After all, if you hear a good idea, you talk about it, right? Someone would have to pay you not to talk about it. This is the singular concept behind unpaid advertising, and at heart.racing, we're full of good ideas.

Just look. It's all right here.

So let's work together. Love on people. Welcome people in. Make friends. That's the fun stuff. As a matter of fact, it's all the fun stuff.

We are **heart.racing**.

Where we're going, you can come. 

****